Dr Katrina Groves: Hey this is Dr. Crowds on Saturday.
Dr Katrina Groves: My zoom room.
Dr Katrina Groves: What
522649321
Dr Katrina Groves: This is Joe happen again. Right. Because I get you on Saturdays. I don't know how my new person has worked out yet, because I haven't seen my dictation, but I'm sure it will be fine.
Dr Katrina Groves: People this morning's are both new people and not new to me they're established patient stuff done. What can we help center Jennifer Snyder and Alex de Barra braiding Vicki has a hyphenated name now or something.
Dr Katrina Groves: I've cut my
Dr Katrina Groves: Each of us down to half an hour since.
Dr Katrina Groves: Template.
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me know if there's any issues.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thanks.
Dr Katrina Groves: First time was a no show but here's Alex and vibrating.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello.
Galaxy A20: Hey, how you doing,
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm okay.
Galaxy A20: It's been a minute.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, can you put on your video. I can hear you. But I can't see you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know technology.
Galaxy A20: Start video
Dr Katrina Groves: There you go.
Galaxy A20: Yet one second.
Dr Katrina Groves: No worries.
Galaxy A20: Are you good
Dr Katrina Groves: I am well. And how about yourself with all this craziness.
Galaxy A20: This still alive.
Dr Katrina Groves: Isolating and hunkering down like everybody else.
Dr Katrina Groves: You're not
Easy.
Galaxy A20: Because that's that. What are
Galaxy A20: You sure about that country down
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so thanks for being here on a Saturday. If I lose you, for some reason, just please call back into the virtual clinic. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Gotcha. Alright, and the
Dr Katrina Groves: Audio isn't so great, sometimes. So if we slow down and talk
Dr Katrina Groves: It might breeze.
Gotcha.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so this is kind of an intake for bright for it and it'll take maybe half hour depends. I've got your other computer from the clinic on my left. And so you'll see me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Glancing and all that.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I need to get like a your history of your addiction, since you were young and I'm just kind of pretend that I don't know anything about you.
Gotta start from the beginning.
Dr Katrina Groves: At what age you started using and what substance, did you start with
Galaxy A20: Serena.
Ready.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you in a private place. Do you have an earphone
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I just woke up.
Galaxy A20: For a Saturday.
Galaxy A20: So when I first started using about 14. This is smoking weed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Common
Then
Galaxy A20: That until
Galaxy A20: 2018 when I started using hard drugs.
Galaxy A20: But since
Galaxy A20: November 2018 I've been clean so
Dr Katrina Groves: What was the date of November 2019
Galaxy A20: Yeah, November 29th.
Galaxy A20: Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know you came
Dr Katrina Groves: To the clinic for Suboxone program. I believe in 2018
Galaxy A20: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A20: A week and a half after I get clean so
Dr Katrina Groves: So what kind of hard drugs. Did you use back then.
Galaxy A20: Heroin and that's okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And last time you use both of those was the same date.
Galaxy A20: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any overdoses that you had, Alex.
Dr Katrina Groves: Absolutely no hospitalizations for your
Dr Katrina Groves: drug use or with your
School. OK.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then do you smoke cigarettes. So
Dr Katrina Groves: About how many packs a day do you think
Galaxy A20: At least one. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And I know alcohol runs in your family. But how about you, you drinking
Galaxy A20: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thanks for being honest. How much are you drinking
Galaxy A20: What's it a half a week is that
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Galaxy A20: At least a day, a week.
Galaxy A20: Okay, very much.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what makes you feel like you're wanting to get out of your head and relax and use the booze.
Galaxy A20: Just hanging out.
Galaxy A20: game board.
Dr Katrina Groves: game board.
Galaxy A20: Year Jenkins ever been.
Galaxy A20: Too big of a problem whisper.
Dr Katrina Groves: It is in your I worried because it's in your genes, you know,
Galaxy A20: Yeah, yeah. My mother's
Dr Katrina Groves: Saying
Galaxy A20: But seeing here. She makes me what the word
Dr Katrina Groves: That's true. It just sometimes the alcohol can sneak up on you, you know,
Galaxy A20: Oh, absolutely.
Dr Katrina Groves: So your mom still living. I heard she had lung cancer, didn't she, or
Galaxy A20: Her yeah she's an addiction, you should listen to the conversation.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, like I said, it's better to do these. And when you do groups in a private space.
Galaxy A20: Yeah yeah no I made sure the doors closed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. But does she have any other medical problems that I should know about that might
Dr Katrina Groves: Like, high blood pressure, heart disease,
Galaxy A20: She wouldn't tell me if she did. So I don't know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Living at her house, then
Galaxy A20: YEAH, YEAH, SHE'S LUCKY.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, she is.
Really
Galaxy A20: Need to be here.
Dr Katrina Groves: How about your father. Is he still alive.
Galaxy A20: Never had one of those
Dr Katrina Groves: Not a, you know,
Galaxy A20: Lie. But he's my father.
Galaxy A20: Never been there.
Dr Katrina Groves: Got it. And
Dr Katrina Groves: Your
Dr Katrina Groves: Sister is how is she doing, you have a what she's using math at one point, right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I'm sorry.
Galaxy A20: Yes, she's still living down in class. She hasn't seen him forever.
Dr Katrina Groves: give any other siblings brothers, sisters,
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh my gosh, I forgot that.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, that same of my dad, you know,
Galaxy A20: Never matter. So that really have one and that's my sister, my other brother that he lives down in Santa Cruz, but he's in the same thing.
Dr Katrina Groves: He's using drugs, too.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, he's my older brother.
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow. So you're the only one that's been able to kind of try to break the family mold here. Hmm.
Galaxy A20: The first year.
Galaxy A20: To
Dr Katrina Groves: Really hard and you don't have any kids. I don't recall
Galaxy A20: Ever been there.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right. Who's your primary care doc at the clinic, do you still have one
Galaxy A20: Well, they told me it's Destin.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Galaxy A20: I rarely see you
Dr Katrina Groves: Right, that's ginger co as a PA
Dr Katrina Groves: And so, medications, I'm looking at right now. Besides, let's see. You like the sub sub better than the Suboxone. Is that right,
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I was using this zone, but lately I've had a really, really, really bad tooth infection.
Galaxy A20: It's been makes it really worse. Wow, so
Galaxy A20: Last week, Tony. She sent him the script for this about some says, as long as it's working better now.
Galaxy A20: I just can't take the Tsar until I get those teeth removed.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when. When is that going to be with all that's going on.
Galaxy A20: Your guess is as good as mine.
Galaxy A20: But this Suboxone side, you know, this is
Dr Katrina Groves: I don't remember why you switched in the first place.
Galaxy A20: I just liked it better. Okay. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Just remember, it has a standard under your tongue along a little bit longer. So when do you need your new prescription. And did she call you in a month or just a
Galaxy A20: Week. I'll be in a week. Yeah, until I got this figured out
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so when is it do you have your prescriptions with you at all. You know the date that it's dude.
Galaxy A20: I got it. Two days ago.
Galaxy A20: I have right next right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: But so two days ago would have been Thursday. So you're good until I'll just give you a prescription on
Dr Katrina Groves: Thursday, then
Dr Katrina Groves: For the Suboxone and you're doing three a day, I assume.
You
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm going to jump back to your past medical history here while we're on your medication. I know you have chronic pain. Tell me about the accident the injury again.
Galaxy A20: got ran over
Galaxy A20: Landed on my face.
Galaxy A20: Truck
Galaxy A20: Likely, I'm still hearing attack isn't
Galaxy A20: There. Yeah, it was, it was about four or five years ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yet head trauma and then broke their leg.
Galaxy A20: It's a very natural. Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, it's not my leg and half busting my knee.
Galaxy A20: My forehead was broke out to do brain surgery, what they thought it was brain surgery but
Galaxy A20: Because my my forehead meat was in my hair and they thought it was my brain.
Galaxy A20: Well, yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: And which leg was that
Galaxy A20: Right, like
Dr Katrina Groves: Like, and then you have hardware in there. Correct.
Galaxy A20: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A20: But certainly 13 pounds.
Dr Katrina Groves: I ran a drag that around.
It's hard.
Galaxy A20: Very much.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, it
Dr Katrina Groves: Is Dustin still giving you that GABBA Penton Neurontin
Galaxy A20: I haven't
Galaxy A20: It's been so long since we've seen each other. So, last time I seen. I still had my partnership and yeah, then I was working and working at a fast food place I was making too much money.
Galaxy A20: Too. Yeah. And so they kicked me off of the
Galaxy A20: And Daria was nice enough to find this program that was a six month program.
Like
Galaxy A20: Yeah, it was. Yeah, I don't have to pay anything or doing
Galaxy A20: Things and that just ran out a month and a half ago.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, I'm remembering this now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so you're not able to are you
Galaxy A20: I am now like my partnership back
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Okay, so what, what's your job. Now, were you working. I know you were at one time.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, yeah, there's, there's no jobs right here.
Galaxy A20: Absolutely.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, did you get any relief from the unemployment are covered stuff.
Galaxy A20: I'm just waiting for that stimulus check from daddy.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: I got a couple of odd jobs here and there, you know,
Galaxy A20: I work on my uncle's farm.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Galaxy A20: It's about it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Must be difficult not have any income coming in.
Galaxy A20: And I've been staying at his house up in Jackie.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm sorry, whose house.
Galaxy A20: My uncle's house.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, yeah. Oh, you've been standing gassy. That must be beautiful. This time of year.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, but it's bad because there's no places open to go swimming
Galaxy A20: Every
Galaxy A20: Every spot every state park here is closed down.
Galaxy A20: All the majority of this so we sponsor state parks.
Galaxy A20: It's crazy how many sponsored it goes down right now.
Galaxy A20: Wow. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So he is your uncle is that your mom's brother or your dad's
Galaxy A20: It's my sister's ago. It's my half sister circle.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, gosh. So he the half uncle. I don't even know how to describe that.
Galaxy A20: That's all kind of that we have
Galaxy A20: Just me. My mom.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is he a good guy, is he, as he drink is he use substances.
Galaxy A20: He's an ex convict
Galaxy A20: Straight for like the past four years.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so he's not a trigger for you. Is he a stable like good person to be hanging with
Dr Katrina Groves: Absolutely. Good, glad to hear that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you're not taking Gabba Penton anymore and no more quantity. And so, but what about ibuprofen. Do you still take 800 milligrams
Galaxy A20: Yeah, but there's there's so much. I have this House that
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you don't need to get a script for it. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And did you meet any nor can
Dr Katrina Groves: Because that's
Galaxy A20: actually still have the last one that Walmart gave me
Galaxy A20: Okay, never hung out with that genre of people forever so
That's
Dr Katrina Groves: What you might come across one of those genre of people on the floor on the
Dr Katrina Groves: Road, one day, so keep it.
Galaxy A20: I still have the last one.
Dr Katrina Groves: Mike at Walmart can give you any anytime you don't need a script for it.
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, right.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, exactly.
Dr Katrina Groves: I need to he's awesome guy really great. So let's see, where am I am any other
Dr Katrina Groves: Injuries or problems that was your main thing was the leg.
Dr Katrina Groves: How does
Dr Katrina Groves: How does that help with the Suboxone help with your pain.
Galaxy A20: For the lake.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like
Galaxy A20: The new pain that's going on now. I don't know if it's
Galaxy A20: Like my house, or just wet with like the past two months. My ankle is going out on
Dr Katrina Groves: That same ankle.
Galaxy A20: The from the yeah the broken Baker, it's it hurts so bad, like if I'm active I can be active on my foot maybe a day or two after that, I have to say like legit hobbling to the bathroom, you know, like, Okay, take my dog out. It hurts so bad I get a Kinko's for how about souls up his
Galaxy A20: Pin so
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, you have a strap, I assume, or some type of
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah yeah
Galaxy A20: I use it all the time.
Galaxy A20: I'm just waiting till after this whole covert thing is over. So I can go in there.
Yep.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're not doing that right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're doing telemedicine. So you could actually get on the phone and do a doctor visit, just like this. Yeah. So, but, but the orthopedic docs are only doing emergencies. So you're right, it's going to
Galaxy A20: Take
Dr Katrina Groves: Take a minute. So since we're talking about your body. I'm going to go kind of head to toe and tell me if there's any of these things in the last week, you've had any fingers or chills.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any problems with cold or hot and tolerance.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any sleepiness during the daytime. I mean, once you're up and awake and around. Do you feel like, oh my god, I gotta take naps on the time
Galaxy A20: I've been a real never
Dr Katrina Groves: Have any trouble with weight gain or weight loss that you're worried about
Galaxy A20: Know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about breathing problems, coughing, wheezing short of breath.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, chest pain or pressure, heart palpitations.
Galaxy A20: Nope. So far so good. Good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And he did say you had swelling in that ankle that that's probably related to your fracture. You don't have swelling on the other side. Right.
Rather
Galaxy A20: Than 40
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, so any stomach problems like abdominal pain.
Dr Katrina Groves: Nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation,
Galaxy A20: Knives. It was really solid, for the most part.
Dr Katrina Groves: Even with the box on. I know it can cause some constipation, but you haven't had that
Galaxy A20: Yeah, I just got I've been offered for almost two weeks so
Galaxy A20: I just got it. Yes, I've been off the whole vacation from us a month because all
Galaxy A20: The transition
Galaxy A20: Yeah, why is for
Dr Katrina Groves: Me.
Galaxy A20: That's why I totally got me that weeks that week or whatever, when
Dr Katrina Groves: You deal with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, did you have cravings or bad. Did you have withdrawals.
Galaxy A20: Luckily, I was up in the mountains working, you know,
Galaxy A20: Michaels farm. So that was
Galaxy A20: distractions. Yeah, it was a blessing to be away from everybody and not able to come to town and whatnot so
Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now that takes a lot of
Dr Katrina Groves: Internal fortitude to not use especially when you kind of have permission and your brain, like the box. I know I can go get
Galaxy A20: It.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you must want this pretty bad.
Galaxy A20: But, but two and a half hours on the phone yesterday and the
Galaxy A20: Day before that.
Dr Katrina Groves: It's getting better.
Dr Katrina Groves: And better. I'm getting
Galaxy A20: Up early on Saturday. I'm ready.
Dr Katrina Groves: Appointments I could have put you at 11
Galaxy A20: It's like she's only has a 931
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. So, okay, going down, you're more any tremors seizures vertigo or headaches.
Galaxy A20: I get vertigo every once in a while, but
Dr Katrina Groves: Not
Dr Katrina Groves: That much here but inner ear problem.
Galaxy A20: I don't know. I need to look at that, after I talked to my doctor, they just kind of shrug it off as well as what else is happening.
Galaxy A20: Right. So yeah, I'm talking
Dr Katrina Groves: Like, is it the rooms thing. Is that what you feel. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what I describe it to people as there's probably a little rocks in your ears and you know how your middle ear is your balance, Oregon.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what you can do look this up online if you have access to the computer. It's called Benign Positional Vertigo or BP PV
Dr Katrina Groves: And there's a way exercise you can actually do you like you throw your head forward you throw your head back, you turn it sideways. There's that can move those little calcium deposits out of your ears and it makes the
Dr Katrina Groves: Decision and
Dr Katrina Groves: It is, I mean, really, you got to flop yourself on the bed there.
Dr Katrina Groves: But there's a certain ways to do it. And if you will stick with it.
Dr Katrina Groves: It will move like a teeter totter. Right now you're like this when they get out of balance, it will kind of move them back.
Dr Katrina Groves: But it's worse before it gets better because you have to like do the exercises and they make you dizzy. But they, it does work if that's what's going on. But yeah, you should have someone look inside your ear. I can't really see here right now inside
The
Galaxy A20: Library, because we're I'll get a
Galaxy A20: An old memory like I'll think of something to have thought of years.
Galaxy A20: It's like, why am I think of that. Next thing that I was like, oh, oh.
Galaxy A20: I just gave up. You know, like a very good or something, just like
Galaxy A20: It's like a solid like 3045 seconds, you know, I'm just like, I shouldn't even be driving right now kind of thing, you know.
Galaxy A20: And it's, it's been happening.
Galaxy A20: For the last probably six or seven years.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Galaxy A20: It's not all the time, though, it's like it's really random times, but it's only when I'm thinking about something that I haven't thought about yours. Sure. Yeah, it's really we're chatting doctors about age dismiss it like they always do.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, you know, that doesn't sound like that what I was talking about them. It sounds more like it's it's hooked up with that memory of either was at your brain injury or limited to that.
Galaxy A20: No, this is before I even got ran over the way before like
Galaxy A20: Probably happened, I was 22 for the first time, like I was leaving my friend's house and walk to another friends and I was like, Oh, well that's like I got severe lightheadedness,
Galaxy A20: But the only comes with
Galaxy A20: Something that I hadn't even thought about it forever.
Galaxy A20: Or just just the next thing I'm just like, Oh, I can
Galaxy A20: Sit down before I fall over or
Galaxy A20: And I want to say used to happen at least once a day for about like two years.
Galaxy A20: And went from like maybe once a month, and now it's slowly coming back.
Galaxy A20: As if it isn't the most because nobody has no idea what I'm talking about when I say it. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's how it is like there's times where I've been driving
Galaxy A20: And it's just go, I'm probably gonna crash to kill somebody.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, it would be good to pull over, you know,
Galaxy A20: Only last about 1015 seconds.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and get it sounds like it's hooked up to a brain a neurological you know
Dr Katrina Groves: Thing in your head. So maybe if you stop when you stop thinking about stuff from the past and you're busy and you're not bored. You know, it's less likely to happen, but you are
Galaxy A20: Like like thinking about the past.
Galaxy A20: Year looking looking at my phone or something, some spoke with my hand.
Galaxy A20: Was up to me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. What do you ever lose consciousness and pass out.
Galaxy A20: No, no, never been that
Galaxy A20: Feels like it. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep, because it's a hard thing to figure out. You'd have to see a neural neuro psych specialist to get that fixed up
Galaxy A20: Yeah, that's a whole nother can of worms. I don't want to open up
Dr Katrina Groves: It is so speaking of mood issues. Do you have trouble still with depression, anxiety,
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Galaxy A20: Like you
Galaxy A20: Were saying
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: What about sleep problems or how's your sleep.
Galaxy A20: 65
And any
Dr Katrina Groves: Suicidal thoughts at times. Do you ever get so hopeless or despair.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright so let me see what else I got here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Um, do you feel like, what, what are your coping skills right now that you're using.
Galaxy A20: So,
Galaxy A20: So when I was reading medication.
Galaxy A20: I was doing the micro dosing
Mm hmm.
Galaxy A20: I would still be doing that right now if I had that I have added for
Galaxy A20: Me.
Dr Katrina Groves: What do you mean by micro dosing
Galaxy A20: Very, very miniscule
Galaxy A20: Amounts of
Galaxy A20: Like it's like mushrooms. But he said, of like you're seeing things are not you just take a little bit and it just just brightens your day like
Galaxy A20: No.
Galaxy A20: No, no, no, it's you can eat drive you can do everything. Usually you do
Galaxy A20: Keep watching documentaries. I'm just trying to get you know legalized
Dr Katrina Groves: What's the name of it though.
Galaxy A20: The mushrooms.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are just plain just mushrooms.
Galaxy A20: Not in my life.
Galaxy A20: But it's
Galaxy A20: I don't take enough to it's gonna you know I'm freaking out. I'm seeing stuff. It's just a little tiny bit.
Galaxy A20: And last, like, eight hours.
Galaxy A20: If everybody had to be like
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow.
Dr Katrina Groves: So do you continue to use that as a
Galaxy A20: Comment on that I haven't used it.
Galaxy A20: Remember when I was when I was up on
Dr Katrina Groves: The mountain right
And it was
Galaxy A20: That
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Oh yeah, yeah, if I if I saw access right now and I would be talking to you.
Dr Katrina Groves: And what kind of goals do you have over this next year and
Galaxy A20: You know, things that you wouldn't
Galaxy A20: Look, we'll see how this epidemic turns out
Galaxy A20: Right now it's as simple as that.
Galaxy A20: I can't do too much.
Galaxy A20: But I don't
Galaxy A20: Find another job.
Galaxy A20: House back usually usual that
Galaxy A20: There's no one hiring in this town is that we're doing a thing. Everyone's to security and walk out the front door here.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you probably feel kind of stuck with your mom like you could otherwise just leave and go somewhere else. Right.
Galaxy A20: Yeah. Yeah, but she's at that point where
Galaxy A20: Finally she screwed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good son.
I guess.
Dr Katrina Groves: I didn't ask about
Dr Katrina Groves: Female companionship.
Galaxy A20: No, it's got time for that. Is this
Dr Katrina Groves: Be surprised.
Dr Katrina Groves: A lot of babies are going to be born around
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any other allergies, you have Alex Like to medication or Paulin or any like medication allergies.
Galaxy A20: And let them.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that's good.
Dr Katrina Groves: And oh, any other surgeries that you've had. Besides your hardware in your head. Did you have appendix Bob bladder.
Galaxy A20: Yeah.
Galaxy A20: Yeah, anytime recently.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh well, I mean it could have been a long time ago. Let's see. Nope, nothing.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And I think that's about it. So I will
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you you don't have a time constraints. So the next time we meet, it's going to be in a group of it, just with the same people that used to see it, Tony.
Are you doing good.
Dr Katrina Groves: She's gone video
Galaxy A20: No, this is the first time that really talks to anybody like as Tony's like I have insurance to do groups and do all that stuff. So this is the first time since then.
Galaxy A20: I'm glad to do
Dr Katrina Groves: It hanging in there, glad we did not lose you.
Dr Katrina Groves: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I have got a Monday at 5:45pm. Those are people that work on or if you just want night one and then I've got a Thursdays at 10 o'clock in the morning, so
Galaxy A20: There's this
Dr Katrina Groves: Really, even though you can get up, you have a hard time getting up
Galaxy A20: Thursdays and Saturdays away.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so I'll put you down for Thursday the 23rd, you got a pen. Are you gonna put it in your brain.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's actually when your prescription will be do right
Galaxy A20: Yeah. Yes.
Galaxy A20: Thursday.
Galaxy A20: Next week,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yep, and it will not be the zoom room. It's going to be a different one every time. So you'll just have to check in with the virtual clinic, you know, the phone number that you call today.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then they'll put you in my group and I would suggest that you get in at least by 930 because they have to ask you, there's always a questionnaire takes maybe five minutes plus there's like 50 people checking in.
Dr Katrina Groves: This has gotten really huge since the Kobe virus everybody's doing the videos.
Galaxy A20: With him on Thursday.
Dr Katrina Groves: 10 o'clock so 930 check in.
Dr Katrina Groves: And you can even put it on check in and then go back to sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not really.
Dr Katrina Groves: So can I do anything for your tooth infection. Do you need antibiotics. Do you
Know,
Galaxy A20: I was
Galaxy A20: They told me that I can schedule an actual appointment.
Galaxy A20: beginning of next month, but they said because of all this stuff I no way in hell. Can I get
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: It'll be a process.
Dr Katrina Groves: So bright heart is going to send you a urine cup if they haven't already.
Galaxy A20: They said they will this week.
Dr Katrina Groves: And bloodwork there. They're going to want people to get bloodwork but then they said, there may be holding off on that because of the virus. I'm not sure how they're going to do that. Did they talk to you about labs at the clinic.
Galaxy A20: They said that he will talk about SEO or whatever. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Usually we do labs, just to make sure you don't have HIV or hep C, they are doing a lot of new intakes and you have a couple years queen or a year at least
Galaxy A20: A year.
Dr Katrina Groves: So they still want labs on you, though, so
Yes.
Galaxy A20: Alright.
Dr Katrina Groves: So you have any questions for me.
Galaxy A20: No, just that I want to go back to sleep.
Dr Katrina Groves: It was nice senior senior
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's good to see you too. I'm glad that you're doing well. So I'll see you next Thursday morning and have a nice day.
Absolutely.
Dr Katrina Groves: Good luck on hanging up
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay so add under his exam that
Dr Katrina Groves: The usual casually dressed and all that. But he was a bit tired. Guess he just woke up and
Dr Katrina Groves: My usual exam.
Dr Katrina Groves: Otherwise,
Dr Katrina Groves: psych impression my mental status exam is pretty normal. I don't
Dr Katrina Groves: See any abnormalities suicide risk is not an issue.
Dr Katrina Groves: Level of stress is a really low.
Dr Katrina Groves: Sure, I got everything for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, he was using his absolved but now he's on Suboxone so
Dr Katrina Groves: So assessment.
Dr Katrina Groves: Number one, of course, is the opioid dependence severe intermission.
Dr Katrina Groves: Year and a half. That's great.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: nicotine dependence, which is also severe on cigarettes or tobacco use. However, I guess that's nicotine is the appropriate billing term for that I'm currently have a dental infection and all my antibiotics, but he's his primary care doctor is dealing with that.
Dr Katrina Groves: No other psychiatric diagnoses. Oh, chronic pain from his
Dr Katrina Groves: Motor via
Dr Katrina Groves: His trauma. He wasn't sure on the date that
I think you said for five years.
Dr Katrina Groves: So he's got a
Dr Katrina Groves: Brain injury.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh gosh, I'm blanking on the name
Dr Katrina Groves: He does have left leg.
Dr Katrina Groves: Pain like an ankle pain from severe fractures and he
Dr Katrina Groves: Has hardware in place that's under his assessment to, I guess, and he'll be following plan would be to follow up with his
Dr Katrina Groves: primary care doctor
Dr Katrina Groves: So he can get a referral to Orthopedics and the meantime, he's using ice and
Dr Katrina Groves: Wrapping and elevating his leg as needed.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alcohol uses not a problem right now. So I'm not really going to mention that
Dr Katrina Groves: Sounds like he's using only occasionally, although it's concerning because of his
Dr Katrina Groves: I guess I will mention it. It's concerning because of his family history.
Dr Katrina Groves: But at this point. He's not drinking enough to
Dr Katrina Groves: Be a problem.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh boy, I did advise him to not drink it on
Dr Katrina Groves: His pharmacy Walmart on Thursday I will see him on that Dan mentioned
Dr Katrina Groves: I had a question. So I'm kind of new to this to
Dr Katrina Groves: Aging. I hope I'm pronouncing it right
Dr Katrina Groves: If I want them to follow up. Do you put that somewhere. I know you put that in the dictation. But then, do you reach out to the team and tell them when his follow up appointment is or is that for me to do because I've gotten different answers from different people.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm probably just going to go into slack right now and type the follow up.
Dr Katrina Groves: Or scheduling, I think.
Dr Katrina Groves: But I didn't know if you happen to know. So maybe you can send me a little email.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then I KNOW THIS WENT LONGER THAN USUAL, but I have time, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Any questions on his HMP, let me know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Otherwise, I'll see him on Thursday at 10 o'clock in the morning P SP Pacific Standard Time.
Dr Katrina Groves: And where are you located, you're probably
Dr Katrina Groves: Far away.
Dr Katrina Groves: Thursday would be what 23rd. Okay, thanks. A gene. I'm going to log off for now, just because I don't know if that other patient is going to come in or not.
Dr Katrina Groves: Bye bye. Have a good day.